OBSDOCS-952: Clarify openshift-monitoring namespace requirement for m… (#75015)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/monitoring-modifying-core-platform-alerting-rules.adoc

.Procedure

. Create a new YAML configuration file named `example-modified-alerting-rule.yaml` in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must create the `AlertRelabelConfig` object in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. Otherwise, the change to alert label is not accepted.

Author: Hello @ousleyp thank you for your suggestion. I didn't think about it in that way, but you are 100% right. I am even thinking of removing the `in the openshift-monitoring namespace.`  from the first step as that does not make much sense there, it is most important for the second step. Thank you for pointing that out to me, this shows how important are the fresh pair of eyes here, as i would not think about this otherwise! :pray: :heart:

> You must create the `AlertRelabelConfig` object in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. Otherwise, the change to alert label is not accepted.

Reviewer: @eromanova97 Thank you so much for the kind words! Your openness to the feedback is worth celebrating as well, as it can be rare in peer review scenarios. :)

> You must create the `AlertRelabelConfig` object in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. Otherwise, the change to alerting rule is not accepted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You must create the `AlertRelabelConfig` object in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. Otherwise, the change to alert label is not accepted.
```

kind: AlertRelabelConfig
metadata:
  name: watchdog
  namespace: openshift-monitoring # <1>
spec:
  configs:
  - sourceLabels: [alertname,severity] # <2>
    regex: "Watchdog;none" # <3>
    targetLabel: severity # <4>
    replacement: critical # <5>
    action: Replace # <6>
----
<1> Ensure that the namespace is `openshift-monitoring`.
<2> The source labels for the values you want to modify.
<3> The regular expression against which the value of `sourceLabels` is matched.
<4> The target label of the value you want to modify.
<5> The new value to replace the target label.
<6> The relabel action that replaces the old value based on regex matching.
The default action is `Replace`.
Other possible values are `Keep`, `Drop`, `HashMod`, `LabelMap`, `LabelDrop`, and `LabelKeep`.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must create the `AlertRelabelConfig` object in the `openshift-monitoring` namespace. Otherwise, the alert label will not change.

Reviewer 3: Please see the [IBM Style guidance](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense) on verb tense and avoiding future tense, especially in cause and effect sentences. 

That said, this is not a blocker, so I will go ahead and merge. Feel free to create an issue if you want to track fixing this in another PR or please fix it the next time you are in this doc set.

Reviewer 3: Oops, I saw that @ousleyp recommended using future tense. :) Nevermind the nit, as I hadn't looked at the resolved comments. Sorry for the noise.

Reviewer: I almost never advocate for future tense, but it seemed right to me here. I am open to being corrected, though! :)
